Docs: Update bootstrapping docs (#8546)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/feature-flags/bootstrapping.mdx

- `distinctID` enables you to set distinct ID of the user during PostHog's initialization. This is useful when you want to ensure the distinct ID on your frontend is the same as the distinct ID that you called `getAllFlags()` with on your server. It is **strongly recommended** to include it.

> > **Note:** The only case where it doesn't make sense to include `distinctID` is when your code only runs for [identified users](/docs/product-analytics/identify) **and** you call `identify` immediately on load. 

Author: @neilkakkar is this accurate?

Reviewer: No, the idea is you call `identify()` after bootstrapping to link anonymous users to this logged in user.

But, if you bootstrap the logged in user's distinct ID, then the identify() does nothing, and you lose the link to the anonymous user

Author: @neilkakkar 

> But, if you bootstrap the logged in user's distinct ID, then the identify() does nothing, and you lose the link to the anonymous user

Right, but you wouldn't need the anonymous user ID if you've bootstrapped. So yes it doesnt make sense to call identify if you're bootstrapping an ID. But it wont affect you negatively/break anything

In this case, can I just remove this note?

Reviewer: Hmm, let me try explaining the case we want to highlight, and then you can edit this to say it 😅 -> This is a true case that applies also to us ->

1. I have an anonymous user on posthog.com browsing
2. They now go to the app and login, and we bootstrap after login. At this stage, we know the user's identity.

We _never_ pass in the distinct id to bootstrap in (2), even if we know it, and instead call `identify()` because we want to connect the anonymous user in (1), to the identified user in (2). If instead we pass the bootstrapped identified id in, and don't call identify, we lose this connection and lose data for the anon user.

> > **Note:** The only case where it doesn't make sense to include `distinctID` is when your code only runs for [identified users](/docs/product-analytics/identify) **and** you call `identify` immediately on load. 

Author: Thanks Neil! I get it now. Is the below better?

```suggestion
> **Note:** The only case where you don't want to include `distinctID` is when your user has an existing PostHog session and you have not yet called [`identify()`](/docs/product-analytics/identify) at any point in time in order to link the anonymous session ID with their identified ID. In this case, bootstrapping `distinctID` will cause PostHog to drop the anonymous session ID and the two sessions will not be linked.
```

Reviewer: excellent, yeah much better! 🙌

Reviewer: Hmm,  one bit that's missing is that in this case we definitely want them to call identify after bootstrapping, so the right ID is used, as otherwise there can be a mismatch between the user ID, and the flags being bootstrapped
